#summary Change Log
#labels Featured

== !SearchBox Sync 1.2 (May 22nd, 2008) ==

 * Improved: Compatibility for Firefox 3.0.

== !SearchBox Sync 1.1.2 (April 2nd, 2008) ==

 * Improved: Compatibility for Firefox 3.0b5.

== !SearchBox Sync 1.1.1 (March 12th, 2008) ==

 * Improved: Compatibility for Firefox 3.0b4.

== !SearchBox Sync 1.1 (January 26th, 2008) ==

 * Fixed: SearchWP interaction problem (issue 4).

== !SearchBox Sync 1.0.3 (January 7th, 2008) ==

 * Fixed: Same as version 1.0.2. The fix was not working for Firefox 2.0.

== !SearchBox Sync 1.0.2 (January 5th, 2008) ==

 * Fixed: Default synchronization rules were not installed if the extension was installed for the first time.

== !SearchBox Sync 1.0.1 (January 4th, 2008) ==

 * Improved: Default synchronization rules have been updated: Google, Yahoo, Microsoft Live & MSN, Amazon, eBay, Wikipedia, del.icio.us, Flickr, !YouTube, !MySpace, Facebook, Mozilla Add-ons, !SourceForge.net.

== !SearchBox Sync 1.0 (January 4th, 2008) ==

 * Improved: Compatibility for Firefox 3.0
 * Improved: Source code has been restructured for better readability.

== !SearchBox Sync 0.4.2 (November 23rd, 2006) ==

 * Added: Encoding EUC, JIS, Shift JIS, JIS-7bit and JIS-8bit are now supported (Thanks to Fuku)
 * Added: The character %252B is now converted to a space

== !SearchBox Sync 0.4.1 (June 18th, 2006) ==

 * Added: A new default rule has been added: "Firefox Keyword Search".
 * Fixed: The focus is lost when moving up or down a rule.

== !SearchBox Sync 0.4 (June 17th, 2006) ==

 * Improved: This version is compatible with Firefox 2.0.
 * New translation: Dutch

== !SearchBox Sync 0.3.7 (Mar. 3rd, 2006) ==

 * Added: !SearchBox Sync has now an icon in the Extension Manager.
 * New translations: Portuguese, Chinese (Taiwan)

== !SearchBox Sync 0.3.6 (Jan. 24th, 2006) ==

 * This version is compatible with Firefox 1.5.0.1.

== !SearchBox Sync 0.3.5 (Jan. 21st, 2006) ==

 * Added: After an update, the user is now asked if he/she wants to reset the default synchronization rules.
 * Improved: The "Reset" button now doesn't delete custom rules.
 * Improved: Some synchronization rules were improved.
 * New translations: Polish, Russian, Slovak

== !SearchBox Sync 0.3.2 (Jan. 3rd, 2006) ==

 * New translation: Japanese

== !SearchBox Sync 0.3.1 (Jan. 2nd, 2006) ==

 * Fixed: There was an error in some regular expressions for the default synchronization rules.

== !SearchBox Sync 0.3 (Jan. 2nd, 2006) ==

 * Added: You can add more than one search engine (synchronization rule). These rules are saved in a RDF file in your profile directory.
 * Added: There is now a "simple" synchronization rule to easily add custom rules.
 * Added: Before to add or modify a rule you can now test it with a URL.
 * Improved: For Regular Expression rules, it's now the last group of the expression that is taken to extract the keywords.
 * Improved: The description in the Extensions Manager is now localized.
 * Fixed: There was a META-INF folder in the XPI file.
 * New translations: Spanish
 * Missing translation: Japanese

== !SearchBox Sync 0.2.2 (Dec. 18, 2005) ==

 * New translation: Japanese

== !SearchBox Sync 0.2.1 (Nov. 8, 2005) ==

 * The version 0.2 didn't work with Firefox 1.0.

== !SearchBox Sync 0.2 (Nov. 7, 2005) ==

 * This version is compatible with Firefox 1.5.
 * The name of this extension is changed.

== !SearchBox !AutoUpdater 0.1.5 (Oct. 7, 2005) ==

 * This version is compatible with Firefox 1.5.

== !SearchBox !AutoUpdater 0.1.4 (Sept. 8, 2005) ==

 * This version is compatible with Firefox 1.5.

== !SearchBox !AutoUpdater 0.1.3.2 (Jun. 22, 2005) ==

 * New translation: German

== !SearchBox !AutoUpdater 0.1.3.1 (Jun. 15, 2005) ==

 * New translation: Italian

== !SearchBox !AutoUpdater 0.1.3 (May. 31, 2005) ==

 * This version is compatible with Firefox 1.1.

== !SearchBox !AutoUpdater 0.1.2 (Mar. 11, 2005) ==

 * Improved: This extension now only works with Google. However, you can change the regular expression to use another search engine.

== !SearchBox !AutoUpdater 0.1.1 (Jan. 4, 2005) ==

 * Fixed: Try to solve the random crash on page load. [Didn't work...]

== !SearchBox !AutoUpdater 0.1 (Oct. 18, 2004) ==

 * First Release